# EDA_Project

The purpose of my project is to help a start-up bagel shop determine the best location based on customer target, foot traffic, and rent prices.  The founders of this business would benefit from this project as well as any Venture Capital firms or outside investors investing in this start-up. I plan to use MTA turnstile data to determine high foot traffic in the morning, to determine rent prices around the high foot traffic locations, and census data to determine what areas to consider depending on income level of target customers. I expect to have columns/features focused on date, time, entries, exits, locations, rent prices, and income level. I acknowledge that I may have to create separate tables for each dataset I use and after filtering through, I may have to join the tables to pin point matching locations. I intend to meet the tools requirements through multiple steps. First being that I will pull raw data into the SQL database, then using SQL queries create the necessary tables and import data. Next I will need to move my database into Python through SQLAlchemy. In Python, I will filter through tables with pandas to determine data related to the morning, possibly lunch time, entries and exits with high foot traffic, rent prices, and income level of target customer. This will give me the matching locations and determine what areas the owners should consider. Finally, to help visualize my findings I will use matplotlib to create a bar chart that compares foot traffic at different locations and a line chart to show average foot traffic between 6 AM to 1 PM. Currently, I have no intentions of using additional tools beyond what is required.
